Mom, you shouldn't have stopped me just now
What kind of dog power thing
Bah crayfish
Don't you see?
Come to participate
Shenhao weddings are all dignitaries in the city
The Su family is not qualified for that
Climbed high
Since we can't attend Shenhao's wedding
Do you still want to go to Xiao Chen and Su Wanqiu's wedding?
Fuck them two trash
They almost lost the face of the Su family
Their shabby souls
Whoever goes to whose brain
Well, maybe.
Our Su family does not have that blessing.
They will find opportunities later
Favour that young master of life
Hey
The one in the suit
Is it the mysterious boss behind Wancheng?
Dad, there are too many people
I can't see the face clearly.
The bride got out of the car.
This is Su Wanqiu